when I think of French cuisine I think
of the beef bourguignon so I'm very
excited that chef de Mia is to be taking
a 3-1 today it's slow cook but worth the
wait it's now so we start with a special
piece of beef okay you you put salt and
you have to check your job you have to
choose some special piece of beef force
you or are you so like a check state so
now you put on a cot very important
little bit of Euler okay okay the boiler
is very very odd stuck to to smoke okay
I can see that and now now I'm on the
wooden box don't don't stir aye aye aye
so we can start stirring once it's round
a little bit so now your meat is very
Brown ok and now we put carrots crap at
this
components
could they use so quite rough cuts of
the vegetables because it's going to be
a slow cooked meal but two or three oils
or now it's very long from cooking so
like this
so now five minutes to run the onion and
carrots okay on a very high heat yes
five minutes okay very great we put
flour is a to make the sauce begin yo ok
ok and look is very visual to be white
and we put tomato concentrate too much
so that's the matter tra yes for the
color under the taste on the acidity of
the of the recipe ok yeah we put time
and Loria ok like this like a bouquet
garni ok if you have a Percy blur for
the cook hope you put this ok so there's
worse talks of costly yes and now five
minutes more ok to cook the flour like
home now you see that Munson debate
there's a little paste that's formed at
the bottom with all the house flower and
smarter puree and that's really gonna
help when we add the wine to make the
sauce the boogie know this is very
important ok no you put red wine strong
with work red wine I could bog on the
wine ok
we put garlic and the pepper okay the
water people on kick it down like the
peppercorns in whole we don't grind them
you and the say like the garlic so
afterwards we're going to put the whole
source through a sieve and get rid of
the time stalks and the garlic cloves
anything like that
so now you boil maybe five minutes the
wine because it is not to be too strong
okay you have my boy oh boy oh boy
without this one time cut the lead on
boiling without our get five minutes in
five minutes we put the lid on and you
cook very very very slowly very slowly
during two or three oils that's the time
for patients are beef bourguignon is
just bubbling away in the corner there
so we're going to start with the
garniture very easy because it just I'm
to be put in a little bit of oil mm-hmm
I put the lat long so we kick the bacon
on a high heat I have a mushroom I
couldn't fall oh just cut them into
fourth nice fake mushrooms staying with
the rustic style of the whole dish but
mourinho is wrong chu is a brand Raghu
so you are still up the gallery true
Samira wrong ok Dorrian bottoms so need
the color to come out in the garniture
it's well cook a very long long long
yeah just the piece of diff to tell me
french is d County ok so we're just
fishing out the pieces of beef leaving
all the vegetables and hurt no you pass
the sauce boogie oh I don't password and
i'll stop all the herbs garlic and other
things which i wanna heat we add the
garniture on the top of the ball you
know like this under buff baggage I was
finished I didn't know it took this long
to cook but we're really treating
ourselves so below 80